### Session 1
>In the first session I was honestly doing a bunch of brainstorming and thinking about how exactly I wanted my page to look. I started by drawing out my page and since we typically had links navigate to different sections on a single page that is how I initially set up my main index.html file. After I got some of the basics started, I noticed that the page was going to be insanely long and I was wondering how hard it would be to have multiple pages. It turned out to be super easy and I was able to just type in the name of my other html files in the link hrefs which I think made the structure of my website a lot more fluid. All I really had at this point was a navbar and my basic page files setup without much in them other than a bio in one of them.

### Session 2
>In my second session I had an idea of how I wanted my navbar to look, as well as the colorscheme that I wanted my website to have throughout. I decided on the Boston Celtics gold and green as they are my favorite team and it was fun to find the specific hex codes. At this time I was also able to implement an embedded version of the pdf of my resume using an  ```<iframe> ``` element. That made it a lot easier to view and it meant that I can update the resume from google docs and it should automatically update as it is getting pulled from google servers. At this point the welcome page was coming together.

### Session 3
>In my third session I was focusing on getting the form done. I wanted to make sure that it was structured really well so I ended up having dedicated sections for the form fields as well as the form buttons to keep everything seperate. At this point my css file was getting to be pretty big but from what I could tell the style is consistent across the whole site which is pretty cool. I was planning out some options for form validation and where the data from the form would actually go, my first thought was that it could be cool to set up a simple sql database to store responses in the event that I actually use this site as the start of a portfolio or something. I decided that that would take a while so I ended up deciding to just print the answers to the console, but I think that an improvement on response handling could be really useful.

### Session 4
>This session is really when I started to ramp up the progress when it came to the project. I was looking into how to actually stage the website so that I could send someone a link that they could open, and upon reading some github documentation, I figured out how to deploy a site through them. I also figured out how to implement a carousel of imaged on my welcome page by watching a youtube video. I'm really happy with the way it turned out, especially the dynamic sizing of the container that it is in changing depending on the size of the photo :3. 

### Session 5
>At this point since I had covered the requirement of this project to go above and beyond what we learned in this class, I had less pressure to figure that out and I got started with the javascript requirement. I implemented a fairly simple form validator equipped with error checking to make sure that all of the fields are correctly filled out. I was having some weird issues with javascript errors for the longest time when I was working on this, and I finally figured out that I had such a simple typo whic fixed everything........

### Session 6
>Finally time to start the projects page! for the last few commits I had the projects page started, but all I had in there was basically an introductory sentence and I was worried that once I started working on this page too early I would get too involved in it and maybe not have enough time in the end. I knew that this section was going to be the bulk of the information within my project, and since I already covered the extra requirements with the carousel in my main file, I decided to make the projects section fairly simple. I have everything contained in my defined gold containers and pretty much all I had to do was draft up an introduction, and then for every sub container I had an explanation as to what the purpose and scope of what the projects were, with a sub fieldset that contained links to the repositories of each project. I wouldn't say that this section looks super crazy compared to my welcome page, but it definitely fits the vibe of the whole website and I think that the structure of it makes it easy to read as each section is clearly defined.

### Session 7
>I'm really liking how the whole website is coming together! It's time to wave everything and eradicate any accessibility errors that I may have. I have a feeling that the celtics green/gold may not have enough contrast in certain areas so I'm checking that out now... Okay I just got all of the accessibility issues fixed! I'm glad I got to do that because it sorta forced me to add more css and in the process of fixing accessibility I like how the look of my site changed. For the most part the errors that I was getting were generally contrast issues. Me choosing the celtics green and gold sort of caused some expected hoops to jump through in the realm of contrast but it forced me to think outside the box and add backgrounds and extra boxes and borders to a lot of my text which I think ended up working out for the better. I wanted to have my form look cleaner by not having labels and just using the text inside of the inputs act as the labels but I couldn't figure out how to get it work accessibility wise so I stuck with having contrasted labels. At this point I'm getting ready to get started with my video walkthrough of my site so I guess we can get going with that!